---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "athenz Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Athenz Terraform provider for interacting with Athenz API.
---

# athenz Provider

## Background

As a part of simplifying and improving Athenz user experience, we would like to offer our customers Infrastructure As
Code capability.

Terraform relies on plugins called "providers" to interact with cloud providers, SaaS providers, and other APIs.

Each provider adds a set of resource types and/or data sources that Terraform can manage. Every resource type is
implemented by a provider; without providers, Terraform can't manage any kind of infrastructure.

## Concepts

Each provider adds a set of resource types and/or data sources that Terraform can manage.
Every resource type is implemented by a provider; without providers, Terraform can't manage any kind of infrastructure.

## Data source

Data sources allow Terraform use information defined outside of Terraform, defined by another separate Terraform
configuration, or modified by functions.

## Resources

Resources are the most important element in the Terraform language. Each resource block describes one or more
infrastructure objects.

## Example Usage

Do not keep your authentication password in HCL for production environments, use Terraform environment variables.

To install this provider, copy and paste this code into your Terraform configuration. Make sure to update the version
parameter to appropriate value. Then, run `terraform init`.

You can also obtain this snippet from
the [provider home page](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/AthenZ/athenz/latest) by clicking the "USE PROVIDER"
button on top right hand side.

```terraform

terraform {
  required_providers {
    athenz = {
      source  = "AthenZ/athenz"
      version = "<_VERSION_HERE_>"
    }
  }
}

provider "athenz" {
  zms_url                    = "https://athenz.url"
  cacert                     = "<ca-cert-path>"
  cert                       = "<certificate-path>"
  key                        = "<key-path>"
  disable_resource_ownership = false
  resource_owner             = "resource-owner"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `zms_url` (String) Athenz API URL

### Optional

- `key` (String) Athenz client private key
- `cert` (String) Athenz client x.509 certificate
- `cacert` (String) CA Certificate file path
- `disable_resource_ownership` (Bool) Disable resource ownership. Default is false
- `resource_owner` (String) Resource owner. Default is "TF"
- `role_meta_resource_state` (Number) Bitmask of object state flags controlling role behavior when creating or destroying role_meta resources. 0x01: create the role if not already present, 0x02: always delete the role when destroying the resource. Default value is 1. The value is used when the resource_state attribute at the athenz_role_meta level is set to -1
- `group_meta_resource_state` (Number) Bitmask of object state flags controlling group behavior when creating or destroying group_meta resources. 0x01: create the group if not already present, 0x02: always delete the group when destroying the resource. Default value is 1. The value is used when the resource_state attribute at the athenz_group_meta level is set to -1
