---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "athenz_group Resource - terraform-provider-athenz"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The group resource provides an Athenz group resource.
---
  
---

# athenz_group (Resource)

`athenz_group` provides an Athenz group resource.

## Example Usage

IMPORTANT NOTE: please do NOT use json syntax but only hcl syntax

```hcl
resource "athenz_group" "newgrp" {
  name = "some_group"
  domain = "some_domain"
  member {
    name = "user.<user-id>"
  }
  member {
    name = "<domain>.<service-name>"
    expiration = "2022-12-29 23:59:59"
  }
  audit_ref = "create group"
  tags = {
    key1 = "val1,val2"
    key2 = "val3,val4"
  }
}
```

## Example Usage \*\*Deprecated**

```hcl
resource "athenz_group" "newgrp" {
  name = "some_group"
  domain = "some_domain"
  members = ["user.<user-id>", "<domain>.<service-name>"]
  audit_ref = "create group"
}
```

## Argument Reference

### Required

- `domain` (String) Name of the domain that group belongs to
- `name` (String) Name of the standard group role

### Optional

- `audit_enabled` (Bool) audit enabled flag for the group
- `audit_ref` (String, Default = "done by terraform provider")  string containing audit specification or ticket number.
- `delete_protection` (Bool) If true, ask for delete confirmation in audit and review enabled groups
- `last_reviewed_date` (String) The last reviewed timestamp for the group
- `member` (Block Set) Users or services to be added as members with attribute (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--member))
- `members` (Set of String, Deprecated) \*\*Deprecated** use member attribute instead (Optional) List of Athenz principal members. must be in this format: `user.<user id> or <domain>.<service>`
- `notify_details` (String) Set of instructions included in notifications for review and audit enabled groups
- `notify_roles` (String) comma seperated list of roles whose members should be notified for member review/approval
- `principal_domain_filter` (String) comma seperated list of domains to enforce principal membership
- `review_enabled` (Bool) Flag indicates whether group updates require another review and approval
- `self_renew` (Bool) Flag indicates whether to allow expired members to renew their membership
- `self_renew_mins` (Number) Number of minutes members can renew their membership if self review option is enabled
- `self_serve` (Bool) Flag indicates whether group allows self-service. Users can add themselves in the group, but it has to be approved by domain admins to be effective.
- `settings` (Block Set, Max: 1) Advanced settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--settings))
- `tags` (Map of String) map of group tags
- `user_authority_filter` (String) membership filtered based on user authority configured attributes
- `user_authority_expiration` (String) expiration enforced by a user authority configured attribute

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `member`

Required:

- `name` (String) - The name of the Athenz principal member. must be in this format: `user.<userid> or <domain>.<service>`.

Optional:

- `expiration` (String) - The expiration of the Athenz principal member. must be in this format: `<yyyy>-<mm>-<dd> <hh>:<MM>:<ss>`

<a id="nestedblock--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Optional:

- `max_members` (Number) Max number of principals in the group
- `service_expiry_days` - (Number) All services in the role will have specified max expiry days
- `user_expiry_days` - (Number) All user members in the role will have specified max expiry days
